initial Try .NET tutorial work, handler binding tutorial (#535)
dotnet/command-line-api: README.md

Daily builds are available if you add this feed to your nuget.config: https://dotnetfeed.blob.core.windows.net/dotnet-core/index.json.

## Interactive tutorials

If you'd like to try out `System.CommandLine` using an interactive tutorial of its features and API, you can, using Try .NET.

![binding](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/547415/58752436-905aa880-8463-11e9-9ab7-c2a8136b0a93.gif)

> To use the tutorial, first clone this repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the tutorial, first clone the System.CommandLine repo:
```

this was probably OK, but thought specific good

```console
> git clone https://github.com/dotnet/command-line-api
```

Next, install the `dotnet try` global tool:

```console
> dotnet tool install -g dotnet-try
```

Finally, launch the `dotnet try` pointing to the tutorial directory:

```console

> > dotnet try <PATH_TO_REPO>/samples/tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> dotnet try <PATH_TO_COMMAND_LINE_REPO>/samples/tutorial
```

Although not sure that is exactly right
